feat(module:upload): support promise return type  nzBeforeUpload (#9402)
NG-ZORRO/ng-zorro-antd: components/upload/demo/transform-file.md

## zh-CN

> 使用 `nzBeforeUpload`，因为 `nzTransform` 已被弃用，用于在请求之前转换文件，例如添加水印。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 旧的 `nzTransform` 属性已被弃用.

使用 `nzBeforeUpload` 在请求之前转换文件，例如添加水印。
```

## en-US

> Use `nzBeforeUpload`, since `nzTransform` is deprecated, for transform file before request such as add a watermark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The old `nzTransform` input has been deprecated.

Use `nzBeforeUpload` to transform file before requesting it, for example to add a watermark.
```
